---
title: Father-Son Duo
---
Chris Flint (40) and son, Aydan Flint (15) started training together in the spring of this year. Together, they have competed in several sprint triathlons and a few shorter running races. When asked about his experience training and racing with his son, Chris replied: 

“Bringing my son into the Triathlon world has been a blessing. It has really bonded our relationship. There have definitely been ups and downs along way the because ultimately he is still a kid and may not want to always put in the work needed to race competitively. At the end of day though, he always gets it done. Brian has been the glue that keeps us going. If I ever feel like he needs to step in and give Aydan advice or point him in the right direction, Brian does so in the appropriate way. The thing is, I’m his dad and on some matters, he just listens to Brian more intently. Brian is a great coach to myself and Aydan. He knows how to get the most out of us and we are always a threat in our respective age group just about wherever we go. I hope we continue to grow together, myself, Aydan, and Brian. It sure is a fun ride we are on and I don’t want it to stop!”

After completing their first race together, Paris Landing Sprint Triathlon, in July, Chris wrote: ”It’s finally come and gone, me and Aydan got to race against each other today and he edged me in the last half mile of the run. I couldn’t be any prouder and told him so when he put me in his rear view. Triathlon is great sport and it’s like a reunion on race day, we’ve meet so many good people. I hope this is the first of many races me and this young buck can race together. Thank you to our coach, Brian Williams, we were fully prepared for today.“
